this is a prediction to be remembered
next January when the public has
registered its verdict on the ten best
pictures of this year we sincerely
believe that one of them will surely be
metro-goldwyn-mayer the producers of The
Philadelphia Story have made another
equally brilliant entertainment just as
you recall with pleasure unforgettable
moments from that celebrated production
so we believe you will remember with
chuckling delight many scenes between
Spencer Tracy as Sam the sports reporter
and Katharine Hepburn is test the
highbrow political writer for instance
don't you understand what I mean
I want to marry you anything has been
planted great it was a quick wedding so
the bride could get back to her career
no one will ever believe you were
married sober and just when they wanted
to be alone
once he took her to a baseball game
but just once gotta get lined up first
in the Senators Washington rolled back
the first see and after after they've
made three outs then the Yanks will
coming back I see and then they've got
to make the same number of out that's
she may have been the woman of the year
but she didn't win it with her cooking
he preferred the club to the double-talk
of her high hat friends look we're all
concerned with what we choose to call a
threat to our American Way of life
baseball games are the things they
represent or part of that way of life
what's the sense of abolishing what
you're out to protect it's a beautiful
fluid semi something intimate between
husband and wife
what would you think about having a
child pass is that what all this
build-up has been for did you think I'd
have to be sold on the idea I wasn't
quite sure I hope that's I'd better get
you into the right frame of mind get me
into the rep me where the sooner the
better
it's already been done